docs: add readonly-mode information (#9824)
supabase/supabase: apps/reference/docs/guides/platform/disk-usage.mdx

This value is also reported in the [database settings page](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/database).

> ## Full disk prevention

Reviewer: Maybe "Disk space management"?
```suggestion
## Disk space management
```

> Running out of disk space will cause Postgres to become unstable, and operations such as backups and automatic service optimization to be disrupted.
> 
> In order to prevent this your project will go into read-only mode once it reaches 95% disk usage, preventing writes to the database.
> In read-only mode clients will start encountering errors such as `cannot execute INSERT in a read-only transaction`.
> 
> Regular operation (read-write mode) will be automatically enabled once disk usage falls under 95%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running out of disk space causes operations such as backups and automatic service optimization to be disrupted.
To prevent this, your project goes into read-only mode once it reaches 95% disk usage, preventing writes to the database. In read-only mode, clients will encounter errors such as `cannot execute INSERT in a read-only transaction`.

Regular operation (read-write mode) is automatically enabled once disk usage falls under 95%.
```

Author: That's great! Wonder if leaning a bit more on the chance that the database service might be impacted could help inform better. 

Maybe something like the following?
```
Running out of disk space causes the database service to become unresponsive. Operations such as backups and automatic service optimization are also disrupted.
```

Reviewer: 👍🏼 looks good!

### Increasing available disk space

> 1. Upgrading ensures your project's disk is expanded, increasing the amount of available disk space.
> 
>    This can be done using your project's [billing page](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/billing).
> 
> 2. You can delete data from your project's database to lower its disk usage.
> 
>     As the database is now in read-only mode, deletes will also be prevented.
> 
>     To work around this, you can change the transaction mode to read-write for your session by running the following:
> 
>     ```sql
>     SET default_transaction_read_only = 'off';
>     ```
>     
>     Then you are able to delete data from within the session.

Reviewer: We should make it clear what upgrade options there are. It's just upgrading to the pro/enterprise plan correct (i.e., there are no separate add-ons just for disk space)?

```suggestion
1. [Upgrade to the Pro or Enterprise plan](https://app.supabase.com/project/_/settings/billing) to increase the amount of available disk space.

2. Delete data from your project's database to lower its disk usage. If your database is already in read-only mode, run the following command to change the transaction mode to read-write for your session:

    ```sql
    SET default_transaction_read_only = 'off';
    ```
    
    This allows you to delete data from within the session.
```
